List of famous people:
Martin Luther King Jr.
Albert Einstein
Abraham Lincoln
William shakespeare
Joseph Stalin
Adolf Hitler
Queen Elizabeth I
Nelson Mandela
Steve Biko
Kim Jong Un
Barak Obama
Muhammad Ali
Napoleon Bonaparte




Your'e 39 years of age ! The same age when Martin Luther King Jr. was shot dead while standing on a balcony outside his second-floor room at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee.
Your'e 76 years of age ! The same age when Albert Einstein passed away due to a blood vessel bursting near his heart.
Your'e 56 years of age ! The same age when Abraham Lincoln was shot dead in the head as he watched the play in the theatre.
Your'e 52 years of age ! The same age when William shakespeare passed on. His cause of death is unknown, but it was most likely some kind of fever or illness that killed him.
Your'e 74 years of age ! The same age when Joseph Stalin died of a massive hemorrhagic stroke involving his left cerebral hemisphere.(a sudden bleeding into the tissues of the brain)
Your'e 56 years of age ! The same age when Adolf Hitler committed suicide in his underground bunker as soviet troops entered the heart of Berlin.
Your'e 69 years of age ! The same age when Queen Elizabeth I passed on from blood poisoning.
Your'e 95 years of age ! The same age when Nelson Mandela passed on from a prolonged respiratory infection.
Your'e 30 years of age ! The same age when Steve Biko passed on from a brain hemorrhage.
Your'e 95 years of age ! The same age when Rosa Parks died of natural causes (disease) leaving behind a rich legacy of resistance against racial discrimination and injustice.
Your'e 18 years of age ! The same age when King Tutankhamen passed on from malaria, perhaps in combination with degenerative bone disease, may have been the cause of death.
Your'e 74 years of age ! The same age when Muhammad Ali passed on to septic shock due to unspecified natural causes, he was a great boxer though...
Your'e 51 years of age ! The same age when Napoleon Bonaparte advanced malignant gastric neoplasia associated with upper gastrointestinal bleeding as cause of death.(general term for a type of cancer that originates within the stomach)